how  intonation
longings
intense
in  one
no  waiting that equal ones
antonona  then let
because
of  a passageway
go
the  island of
reality
in
one  of those
he
why  about
and  if you come out
to  act as
he  any
colia
the  fundamental reason why people are so uncomfortable discussing this
that  they want to believe they live in a world in which the law
provides  a rational represents
the  real world as it actually is
even  they might want to imagine
that  the law provides an ideal
a  model of what the world
and  very often neither one of these things is true the law both domestic
law  and international law
very  often is a completely serial by product of bizarre historical
circumstances
and  the laws never get we written
reflect  reality accurately
because  nobody cares
if  you look carefully at the border between the united states and canada
completely  serial notch in the border it's referred to as a triangle it's not
really  shaped as a triangle and you want to know what circumstances
cause  the border have this bizarre shape in the middle of the prairies will its action
because  the treaty that was written describing where the boar is supposed to be
completely  seal and has no relationship to geographic reality
none  of the people riding that treaty none of the people negotiating
where  the border was supposed to be had any understanding of the real geography
so  they describe rivers being in places they couldn't possibly be rivers intersecting
with  other geographic features and the border being there and there was actually no way
to  implement the law
so  accurately so they just came up with this weird compromise
that  results in
funny  not of land missing in canada and nobody cared
enough  to negotiate and write a new treaty so we still have to day
believe  it out this isn't the only example on the border between the united states and canada the different areas where there
is  a river border between the united states and canada too if you go through it inland by land
some  really peculiar gray areas under international law
situation  is very
two
to  be part of china
in  the year
i
two  was given
china
japan
and  under that treaty any one in time warning one to remain loyal to the
leave  to warn and return to him
people  did probably they were civil servants and
people  actually employed
but  the emperor of china
since  that time
ian  has not been
never  given back to the
it  is not chinese territory and any story you want to tell
about  the chin in a sty and the groaning of the rice communism is
completely  irrelevant
legally
if  that sounds completely crazy and improbable you then you haven't
studied  that much of the world history because guess what
normal
the  border between poland and cambodia was established in negotiation
the  french and the ties and the french representatives did not have accurate maps
and  had no familiarity with the geography of the language and that led to
war
some  confusion still indeed the state all over the world these sorts of things
happened  and they partly happened because governments people in power surprisingly
don't  care
and  maybe that's something else that's hard for people and to want accept or even people and commit china
to  day to accept
historically  taiwan was not the top priority for
for  the most part the government of china really did not care and that's the most fundamental
reason  why to want is not part of china to day there are many objections
simple  legal his
that  are completely spurious
the  really meaningful question to ask
why  didn't trina under mousedom use it considerable military
and  political influence to resolve this situation when war another and the historical
fact  is that china had other priorities in the negotiations
between  mousedom and nixon
as  nixon himself says
the  chinese were really concerned about vietnam there were really concerned about cambodia
and  the willies didn't care about to want in the period of
a  prairie for them if they cared they care only a little bit whereas their conflict with vietnam
really  big deal they were trying to manage if you went back in time earlier than that
haven't  heard china was really preoccupied with korea for on
time  the grand civil war north korea south korea
in  eva big deal from a sedan his eldest son the
son  that melted on was raising to inherit power
he  died fighting in that
from  the chinese perspective korea was a really big deal for relate
and  may be the most forgotten border dispute and war of them all
was  the order but with mongolia
china's  military conflict with mongolia and the proxy war over
mongolia  in relation to the soviet union part of the so called snoove split
people  of the day complete forgotten that went on and on for decades
and  on the russian side an enormous number of heavily armed soldiers and
they  were they were permanently stationed along the mongolian border
mongolia  basically became a soviet puppet state soviet ally so mumias
communist  but it was an enemy of china
a  long long period of time of really really not even a cold war there was
a  hot war between china and russia for who would control mongolia
in  on a personal level i think it's very clear that mounseer accepted
the  idea that mongolia should be a separate one
he  was quite passionate that mongolia all mongolia or as much a mongolia's
possible  should be
part  of one country with china the same way that he wanted to be
the  same
and  in case you thought a political controversy that started in nineteen seventeen
would  have kind of calm down on and be forgotten by the nineteen seventy
no  no no one can never forget
scandal  of the
from  the chinese communist perspective happened in nineteen seventy one and
happened  in mongolia when lynmouth single most important
chinese  political leader of that generation
did
keeping  to mongolia when his airplane under mysterious
circumstances
caught  fire
and  crashed in mingled
and
for  decades to follow
story  was made at and center in the chinese people's minds and imaginations
because  all kinds of insane propaganda was manufactured out of it rumors were swirling
intensely  so yea the border between china mongolia i took a
real  long time to come
didn't  even mention india kedn't hear there was a war between china and india
over  the chinese border with india there was another war with vietnam i'm not even to
get  into it here so a during the most intense period
of  communism
trying  to head border to spots all over the map they had disputes about sovereignty
in  what was i wasn't within the historical borders of china all over the place
one  was a relatively unimportant
footnote
or  side story you know the
and  that's why the law that was established back in eighteen ninety five and in a
sense  reaffirmed the end of world war i never got challenged
so  why do people get so nervous
why  do they get so uncomfortable
i  like change
talking  about the legal basis
for  a minnesoty when they start talking about what it actually says in those trees
i'll  tell you why
because  the legal history doesn't end with the treaty with the japanese
in  eighteen ninety five there's one more piece of paper that matters and old boy
it  really matters and that piece of paper
the  treaty of san francisco that comes at the end of world war i
in  that treaty
possession  of taiwan
hand  it over from japan
the  occupying power
the  occupying power in that tree
legal  means the united states of america
on  an international law by right of treaty and by right of conquest
occupation
still  to this day
tis  an unincorporated territory of the united states
of  america
does  this matter
it  matters if people think it matters
the  state of new york there's a law that makes adultery illegal
but  that law is never enforced so people carry on their lives as if
it  doesn't
in  the happy country of indonesia there was a law requiring
that  yuba virgin if you want to join the military guess what they take that law
really  seriously in the enforce it so i guess all kinds of unimaginable social problems in complex
the  law matters in as much as we in our
actions  make it matter
if  anyone
donald  trump presented states onderstand up and draw attention to the
fact  that there is a true
still  standing under a rational law that has never been disputed by china has
never  been disputed by japan and has never been disputed by the people than one themselves there is a law
on  the books that lay under international law stating that taiwan
used  to be the paper in japan and is now the parents america sold at any
time  make it matter so that is one poor chip on the american side
and  on the side of the puttenhams any difference in the next fifty
years
in